♪
[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salary man
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level 1,
but lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
Wait, why isn't anyone allowed
in this dungeon?
"Dungeon master?"
What does that even mean?
♪
[EMILY]
Great job today, friends!
♪
-Ah!
[EMILY] There's a whole lot more
where that came from!
One sec. I'll go get it!
[laughs]
She's been going hard ever
since I've had less work.
I hope it's only temporary.
She's celebrating how well
you've done and so am I.
Well, hold off on that.
I mean, it's not like
they've officially decided
that Selen belongs to Secro yet.
Once that happens,
it'll truly be over.
Then we can go back to Secro
with nothing to worry about.
I hope they decide sooner
rather than later.
[chuckles]
Look! I made you a cake!
What? How did you manage that?
[EMILY]
I baked it over the campfire.
You mean the one outside?
Must've been a challenge.
Uh, Celeste.
Don't overthink it, trust me.
Huh? Yes, but.
[EMILY]
And there's ice cream, too!
[BOTH] Hey, wait a minute!
How do you have ice cream?
[yawns]
-[grunts]
-[fire crackling]
Huh.
[sighs]
Ah!
[crackling]
Huh! Celeste!
[grunts]
What just happened?
Try not to move.
This is a healing bullet.
[gunshot]
Are you okay?
Think so. [gasps]
Huh. Well, you're awake.
That's a good sign.
[screams]
Oh, no! This can't be happening!
Why is my heart pounding
so fast?
And my face feels like
it's burning up!
Huh. Look, I didn't mean to.
What are you doing that for?
Can you take a breath, please?
Celeste!
I feel much calmer now!
[RYOTA]
Okay. Do you?
Oh, absolutely!
What were you saying?
I'm so sorry
for the distraction,
but you were about
to ask me something, right?
[RYOTA]
Uh, yeah.
Almost forgot, about that trash
you just burned.
There wasn't really
that much of it,
so I'm wondering
if it was necessary
to use such a huge spell
on something so small?
Eh, maybe not. But it's
the only one I know how to use.
Huh?
[CELESTE] It's the level three
fire spell, Inferno.
I can cast it well,
but nothing else, unfortunately.
[RYOTA]
Wait, for real?
What about levels one and two?
Don't you know those?
I'm afraid I don't.
Huh.
[MAN ADVENTURER 1]
Excuse us!
Of course.
[groans]
And down.
[gunshot]
[crackling]
Let me help you.
I've got a lot more time now
that my work's all done.
It's a lot to handle alone.
Oh, I appreciate it.
Come on!
We keep burning and burning,
but it's never enough!
It's not always this way, right?
Well, today is a little
different.
There's often more garbage
when a dungeon master appears.
Sorry, but you lost me there.
What's a Dungeon Master?
They only show up
every few months,
but it's the boss of a dungeon.
Yes, and they're very strong
and dangerous.
Everyone is advised
to avoid the dungeons
for their own safety,
so they've been
stress-eating instead.
And that has led to all of this?
[sighs]
Hey. It's gonna be okay,
Celeste!
They'll have a team together
to get rid of it in no time!
You'll see!
I bet things will be back
to normal by tomorrow!
Yes, of course.
I'm sure you're right.
I have an idea.
Why don't you take the rest
of the day off to relax?
-I can handle what's left.
-Huh.
I couldn't!
This is what I'm expected to.
If you keep going like this,
you're gonna pass out again.
You're pushing yourself
too hard.
Without your strength,
you can't help anyone.
[gasps]
[RYOTA] I'll take it from here.
You got this, Emily?
You know it! Right this way!
Wait. Are you sure we are okay?
All right, let's get started!
♪
-All of that in one day?
-Afraid so.
But there's some good news, too!
The team to remove
the dungeon master
should be assembled now.
I'll go and check
where things stand, then.
Hopefully, you'll feel
a little better knowing that
there's an end to this in sight!
Yes. I do.
Okay. I'll come and report back.
Next time we talk,
I wanna hear about
all the sweet dreams you had!
I don't get it.
Get what?
We barely know each other,
so why is Ryota being
so kind to me?
Huh. 'Cause that's just the type
of person he is.
If he knows somebody needs help,
he's not gonna be able
to ignore them.
It was like that in Secro, too.
Where you two are from.
Once that happens,
it'll truly be over.
Then we can go back to Secro
with nothing to worry about.
[sighs]
[NEPTUNE]
Oh, hey! If it isn't Sato.
Uh.
Neptune? Why are you here?
[chuckles]
In case you haven't heard
the latest news,
the dungeon master's appeared.
We've asked them
to come help us defeat it.
[RYOTA] What a coincidence!
That's why I stopped by.
I'm really hoping you can get
rid of it as soon as possible.
It would help out a friend
of mine a lot.
Trust me,
I wish I could do it all myself.
[RYOTA]
Okay, why can't you?
Things are a bit stickier here
than expected.
Meaning what?
It's our agreement with Hetero.
It states that if a dungeon
master appears,
then the two towns must assemble
a joint force to defeat it.
We've arranged to send
in the Neptune Group
from our side,
but they are stalling.
Hetero hasn't taken
any action yet.
You're saying they're not even
gonna try? Why not?
[LIL] Because that just
works out better for them.
If a dungeon master sticks
around for a long time,
the ecology of its dungeon
can change eventually.
And if that happens,
then the items that drop will,
too, which may help them.
That sounds bad.
Yeah.
The dungeon was practically
in Secro's hands,
but this could send us
back to square one.
I know that's what they're
hoping will happen, anyway.
I just hope we're not too late
to defend our claim.
Forget about this
joint force thing.
I'm gonna go in
after the thing myself.
If I'm not asking for any help,
then it shouldn't be
a problem, right?
Mm-mm. I'm sorry.
I can't allow that, either.
And why not?
You all have your own rules,
apparently.
[RYOTA]
What?
[RAN] You can't enter
with a group of fewer
than three adventurers
and everyone has to have
stats ranked A or higher.
[RYOTA]
Why is that the rule?
Because the dungeon master
is a sick,
dangerous force of nature!
[all sigh]
[DUKE]
I apologize.
Then Neptune,
-why don't you and I.
-I cannot.
We already signed a contract
to be a part
of Secro's joint force,
so I can't act on my own,
I promise I would if I could.
[grunts]
♪
Wait, what are you gonna do?
[RYOTA]
You can't be the only option.
I'm sure someone around here
will help me.
Just don't expect it to be easy.
Huh?
[NEPTUNE]
All the adventurers here
are people who came
to profit off drops
while they're tax-exempt.
You think they're going
to be ambitious enough
to take on a dungeon master?
Good luck.
♪
[EMILY]
Hello there, Yota! Welcome back!
Thanks Emily. Uh.
What're you doing with that?
You said you're gonna go defeat
the dungeon master, right?
Well, obviously
I'm going with you!
You're always there to help me
out and that means a lot,
but according to the rules,
the two of us can't go
into the dungeon on our own.
We'd need at least three.
[EMILY]
I know that!
Huh!
[CELESTE]
I'm going, with you.
[RYOTA]
Celeste?
But how can you? With the trash?
It's all right. I found someone
willing to help me out with it.
You found someone
who's willing to help?
[EUGENE]
Hey! I'm here!
[gasps]
Eugene?
Well, it sounds like you two
already know each other,
but this is our new garbage
assistant.
Huh!
I hope you aren't assuming
I'm feeling guilty
about anything regarding you,
'cause I'm not.
She offered to pay and yeah,
I accepted it.
I have needs too, ya know.
Yeah. Okay.
Do you think you can handle it?
That's a lot for one person.
Oh, I have help.
Huh!
[MALE WORKER 1]
Hurry up and bring it over here.
There're so many!
So don't worry about me.
We're gonna be just fine.
-I guess so.
-[chuckles]
Hey, what's going on, Eugene?
We came here to help,
not do everything.
[EUGENE]
Shut up! Gimme that.
[MALE WORKER 2]
That's what I thought!
[EUGENE]
I said I was coming back!
Well, it sounds like they've got
everything covered to me.
So, we can go
to the dungeon with you.
Oh. Well, it's a little more
complicated than that.
Besides needing
at least three people,
everyone has to have
A-ranked stats or higher.
That's not a problem, either.
♪
A-rank intelligence and will?
Yeah, but my drop rates
aren't very good yet, though.
But I can still get in.
I have points where it counts.
And you're sure?
You really want to?
Yes.
It might be my only chance.
You'll go back to Secro
eventually, right?
So, this is it.
I want to help out.
Please allow me to support
you two in that way.
♪
Thank you. I mean it.
[EMILY]
Vroom, vroom, vroom, vroom.
Oh, my.
[EMILY] Once this part
is done, we can go home.
[CELESTE]
I want to go home now.
♪
[sighs]
What's going on here?
There are no monsters.
Not right now. When the dungeon
master's anywhere around,
all the other monsters
find safe places to hide.
If there aren't any monsters
in here,
does that mean we get drops
from somewhere else?
There are no drops period.
And that's why we have to defeat
the dungeon master
as soon as possible.
That's so crazy.
[rumbles]
[screams]
[groans]
[growls]
No way.
Is that the dungeon master?
Looks like a horse
with two horns.
I've heard of that before.
A beast that can
taint the pure. The bicorn!
[RYOTA]
Bicorn.
[neighing]
Let's go, Emily!
I'm ready!
[yells]
Did that do it?
[gasps]
[screams]
[groans]
[neighing]
[screams]
-Don't you dare!
-[gunshot]
[pants]
What the heck was that?
Some sort of barrier?
I can't tell from here!
All we can do
is keep pushing forward!
[RYOTA]
Celeste! Back me up!
Right!
Fire Magic. Inferno!
-[neighing]
-[fire crackling]
It can't go anywhere now.
-Great!
-[gunshots]
Emily!
[yells]
-[thuds]
-[neighs]
-Thank you!
-[gunshots]
Should I hit it again?
No, not yet.
I'll blow up the barrier
with bullet fusions.
We should hit it with the same
chain of attacks.
What do you think? Doable?
Yeah. Easy.
[DUKE] What?
Sato went to the dungeon?
[laughs]
Is anyone here that surprised?
Not me.
This is nothing to laugh about!
It's dangerous!
You know how serious a threat
the bicorn's power poses.
[growls]
It sure is resilient.
I feel like we've done a lot
of damage to it already.
We have, but we need
to keep going until it falls!
Indeed. There's no way
we can give up now.
Okay. Let's do it.
[neighs]
Looks like trouble's
coming our way.
-So, be ready for it!
-Right!
[yells]
[groans]
[BOTH]
Emily!
[DUNGEON] Ryota has dropped
two ranks in all stats
except HP and strength.
What?
[crashes]
[screams]
-Emily!
-[pants]
It's all right, I'm still here!
But something happened.
I think it.
Yeah. It lowered all of my stats
except HP and strength.
What about you?
It lowered everything I have.
You too you, Celeste?
-[pants]
-Celeste!
Is she okay?
[pants]
[RYOTA]
Oh, right.
If her stats are lowered,
then her MP would be.
[pants]
I can't let her push herself
any farther.
Emily, stay
and take care of her!
I'm gonna finish this.
Wish me luck.
I believe in you. And good luck.
This is my fault. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to slow you both down.
Well, I don't see it that way.
We would've never made it
this far
if you hadn't come along
with us.
[gasps]
So, thank you for everything
you've done to help out.
Stay here and rest a while.
I'd rather finish alone
than risk your safety.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
♪
[CELESTE]
No one's ever
shown me kindness
like that before.
[MALE EMPLOYER 1]
Why are you so inefficient?
[MALE EMPLOYER 2] Can't you burn
that stuff any faster?
[MALE EMPLOYER 3]
If you're gonna be sick,
you better tell me first!
[MALE EMPLOYER 4] Finish the job
before you collapse!
[CELESTE] I've only ever heard
harsh demands
from people I know.
I figured it was because
of my limited abilities.
That I deserved it
for being so useless.
♪
[RYOTA]
Well, I don't see it that way.
[gasps]
We would've never made it
this far
if you hadn't come along
with us.
[gasps]
[gunshots]
♪
[CELESTE]
I never imagined
that just having someone
appreciate me
would make me so happy.
Be careful.
[CELESTE] I can't afford
to rest right now.
Somebody needs me.
I won't let him down!
[grunts]
Stay strong, Yota!
Is that Celeste?
Calling, Fire Magic Inferno!
-Huh!
-[neighs]
Hey, Yota! Use this!
[yells]
[body thuds]
We did it! Wait. Celeste!
Are you okay?
Where's the bicorn?
We defeated it!
Thank you, Celeste.
We couldn't have done it
without you.
[gasps]
Hm.
♪
[CELESTE] I'm so glad I.
I could be of help.
[RYOTA]
Here. You should take these.
What are they?
[RYOTA]
They're the bicorn's drop.
Uh, I couldn't accept something
so valuable!
[RYOTA]
Just take them. Tell her, Emily.
They're for you!
You have to take them!
♪
[DUNGEON]
Celeste obtained bicorn horns.
Celeste can now
use level 1 magic
with no limitations!
What?
Emily and I already
had this discussion.
We genuinely want you
to have them, okay?
A token of our appreciation!
Thank you for working so hard
to help us, Celeste!
[sobs]
[CELESTE]
Thank you.
[crying]
[chuckles]
[DUKE] You're telling me
you defeated the dungeon master?
Yeah. Is that weird?
Well, it's certainly
given me quite the shock!
We, we have to inform
the adventurers right away.
If the dungeon ecology
has changed, we must know!
Thank you. See you soon!
I'm impressed! It was really
just the three of you?
To find such
wonderful companions.
-You're so lucky.
-Companions.
I just can't get over
how amazingly you handled
everything back there, Celeste!
I could say the same for you!
Yeah. By the way,
where'd Neptune go?
[both chuckle]
[NEPTUNE] Looks like
I missed out on my chance
to fight with Sato.
And it's all because of you
and your stupid bullying.
So then, tell me.
What are you planning to do
about it?
[Harvard screams]
[crackling]
[RYOTA]
Celeste.
Well, hello! These are amazing!
I never thought I'd learn to use
level one magic in my life!
This has all been a dream
come true!
Ah, I'm glad you're getting
some good use out of them.
Oh, that reminds me,
I heard that Selen belongs
to Secro from now on.
Yeah. They confirmed
that the dungeon's ecology
didn't change after
the dungeon master appeared.
Many things have happened,
but I'm glad it's finally over.
So, I guess you're leaving
for Secro soon.
[RYOTA]
Yeah, tomorrow.
Ah!
Uh, Celeste. I was thinking.
-Why don't you come with us?
-I want to go with you!
[BOTH]
Huh!
Wait, are you asking me to come?
[RYOTA]
Well, I mean.
Yesterday, when she said
we were lucky
to find each other?
It seemed like it'd be silly
to throw that away, right?
I thought it might be smart
to start up my own party
with the three of us.
Yes! I'd love to join you!
Glad to hear it!
I mean, we'll have to talk
to Emily first, of course but--
I'm all about it, friends! Yay!
[yells]
Were you just creeping there
the whole time?
Maybe! But I'm glad to know
I'll be in the Yota Family
with Celeste!
We're all gonna have
such a good time!
-We'll be the best team ever!
-[chuckles]
I agree.
And we're lucky to have you
with us. Thanks, Celeste!
My pleasure!